Now that you are the team lead,
you will be responsible to set up and lead your staff meetings,
working meetings, meetings with customers,
and mainly meetings with your management.
Most people, when they hear the dreaded word meeting,
either panic or run, maybe even both and both of those may be the right move.
Here is an appropriate quote.
"A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
" But what if I told you that if you could set up and run
meetings in a way I will be describing,
people will show up and things will get done?
Okay, tell me more, you say?
Let's see.
Now here are the steps for a successful meeting.
Now contrary to popular belief,
you don't just show up and expect the meeting to be productive.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm all for stand-ups and quick meetings as needed,
but for important, productive,
and critical meetings with key members of your company or your customers,
I recommend the following.
Plan, prepare, lead, and the follow-ups.
Now the first two relate to writing of the meeting materials
and we covered those in Know Your ABC's,
and the next two,
the leading and the follow-up are related to verbal and interpersonal skills.
Okay, so in this module, let's talk.
We will focus on the last two,
leading and follow-ups and how they will improve your leadership skills necessary for effective and productive meetings.